doosra straight late
bouncer uppercut early
slowerball sweep late
offbreak scoop good
doosra straight good
doosra scoop late
pace squarecut perfect
offbreak leglance good
inswinger leglance good
outswinger sweep perfect
pace squarecut perfect
slowerball uppercut early
pace uppercut perfect
offbreak longon perfect
inswinger longon good
offbreak flick perfect
legcutter sweep perfect
offbreak leglance good
pace uppercut perfect
doosra uppercut late
outswinger scoop late
inswinger sweep late
bouncer leglance early
slowerball squarecut good
bouncer uppercut late
bouncer squarecut good
legcutter sweep good
legcutter pull late
outswinger coverdrive late
outswinger flick early
offbreak uppercut late
legcutter straight late
slowerball leglance good
doosra longon perfect
yorker sweep early
bouncer straight late
legcutter squarecut good
offcutter pull early
bouncer uppercut good
legcutter straight early
outswinger coverdrive good
outswinger scoop perfect
offcutter pull perfect
inswinger coverdrive late
doosra pull late
bouncer straight perfect
pace straight good
pace longon perfect
offcutter uppercut good
slowerball flick early
inswinger squarecut late
bouncer longon early
bouncer flick late
offcutter coverdrive perfect
offbreak straight early
legcutter scoop good
inswinger coverdrive perfect
outswinger pull early
outswinger flick early
yorker sweep early
doosra pull good
yorker sweep late
bouncer sweep perfect
pace sweep good
slowerball longon perfect
doosra coverdrive good
legcutter pull good
outswinger scoop perfect
bouncer uppercut perfect
outswinger sweep perfect
offbreak sweep early
yorker uppercut late
offcutter scoop good
legcutter longon perfect
offbreak longon early
bouncer sweep late
bouncer squarecut late
doosra uppercut late
yorker straight early
inswinger sweep early
slowerball uppercut late
pace sweep perfect
offcutter sweep early
doosra leglance late
inswinger scoop early
outswinger leglance late
offcutter longon good
inswinger pull early
doosra sweep late
doosra flick perfect
pace squarecut early
yorker scoop early
bouncer coverdrive perfect
yorker flick early
doosra uppercut perfect
legcutter leglance good
inswinger scoop early
outswinger straight good
inswinger leglance good
offbreak flick good
outswinger uppercut early
inswinger scoop perfect
offbreak uppercut good
inswinger scoop early
slowerball longon perfect
legcutter uppercut early
pace uppercut good
pace squarecut good
legcutter scoop good
outswinger squarecut good
slowerball leglance perfect
offbreak pull good
outswinger flick late
legcutter longon perfect
offcutter longon early
slowerball leglance good
legcutter squarecut good
slowerball squarecut late
doosra pull early
inswinger uppercut good
offcutter coverdrive good
outswinger pull perfect
inswinger uppercut good
offbreak pull late
offcutter uppercut late
legcutter pull late
slowerball sweep perfect
offcutter sweep perfect
inswinger scoop good
offbreak pull early
offbreak pull early
yorker longon late
pace straight late
pace longon late
legcutter sweep early
offcutter leglance early
legcutter straight late
yorker straight good
legcutter pull perfect
inswinger flick good
legcutter leglance good
legcutter scoop perfect
inswinger leglance late
outswinger pull early
pace coverdrive good
offbreak coverdrive late
offcutter longon perfect
bouncer squarecut perfect
offcutter coverdrive early
offbreak scoop early
yorker scoop early
offbreak sweep late
doosra squarecut late
legcutter flick early
slowerball pull perfect
inswinger coverdrive perfect
bouncer squarecut late
pace coverdrive perfect
outswinger straight perfect
slowerball pull good
inswinger squarecut good
pace straight late
offcutter straight good
slowerball longon early
inswinger leglance perfect
outswinger straight good
offcutter scoop early
bouncer leglance early
bouncer squarecut perfect
doosra flick perfect
legcutter coverdrive late
offbreak sweep perfect
bouncer flick late
yorker coverdrive good
slowerball sweep good
pace straight early
slowerball uppercut perfect
bouncer straight early
pace sweep good
pace flick late
bouncer sweep good
offbreak scoop early
doosra pull perfect
outswinger leglance late
legcutter scoop early
outswinger squarecut good
outswinger straight good
doosra uppercut good
outswinger leglance good
inswinger straight early
offcutter flick perfect
yorker uppercut good
yorker leglance early
offcutter longon late
offbreak pull late
inswinger straight good
inswinger longon perfect
legcutter flick perfect
pace sweep perfect
slowerball longon late
offbreak flick good
offcutter uppercut good
doosra coverdrive late
offbreak scoop perfect
bouncer sweep perfect
doosra longon late
pace pull early
legcutter squarecut good
inswinger sweep good
bouncer longon good
offcutter scoop late
inswinger flick good
offbreak sweep early
legcutter squarecut good
bouncer longon perfect
inswinger sweep late
pace leglance early
offcutter uppercut perfect
bouncer sweep good
bouncer straight good
bouncer scoop good
offbreak flick early
offbreak sweep perfect
yorker leglance good
offbreak flick perfect
yorker scoop early
inswinger straight good
outswinger flick perfect
pace flick good
bouncer longon late
doosra straight perfect
legcutter longon early
offbreak flick early
yorker coverdrive early
pace pull perfect
outswinger sweep late
pace straight early
legcutter flick perfect
outswinger longon late
doosra uppercut early
